samples: openthread: align serial transport configuration (#11593)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Thread samples
--------------

> * Build target ``nrf52840dongle_nrf52840`` uses  USB CDC ACM as serial transport as default now.
>   Sample for this target can be now built without need to provide extra configuration arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the build target ``nrf52840dongle_nrf52840`` to use USB CDC ACM as serial transport as default.
  Samples for this target can now be built without to providing extra configuration arguments.
```
